README.md, before:

# BarnePet
## Proposal - EC303 Mobile Application Development for SMEs
#### 1.1. Background
BarnePet comes from the Norwegian word `BarnePike` which means Nanny. 
#### 1.2. Introduction
The application is a platform which connects local pet sitters to pet owners
#### 1.3. Motivation/Need
In the country, there is a huge untapped market of pet owners and hence, this project provides a service which experiments on that market. Also, personal experiences of having a difficult time finding a safe place to keep my pets when I have to travel or leave endorses the fact that this could be a need of pet owners in the region. 

### 2. Features
The application will have the following highlevel features
1. A signUp/login page
2. A home page displaying list of sitters. (can be filtered by area, price, age, number of pets present etc)
   - An action button to enlist as a sitter
   - A profile button to see statistics (as a sitter)
   - logout button
3. User can choose a sitter, a form will be opened asking about (but not limited to):
   - Number of pets to sit
   - Number of days required
   - Type of pets to sit
   - if pets are children friendly or need extra care/medication
5. A form with certain fields to provide details of the sitter being enlisted including but not limited to 
   - Pet type
   - Number of pets
   - years of experience
   - age
   - gender
   - a short bio
   - contact details
   - charges
6. The owner can rate the experience with the sitter and this will be reflected on the sitter's profile

### Concepts covered
As the features listed above portray: 
- The application will have multiple pages and require navigation.
- The sitters and users profile data/statistics need to be stored on Firebase/Firestore backend
- Multiple Flutter Widgets and Layouts will be used to make the application more user centric and attractive.

Commit message:

doc(): update proposal with market research

README.md, after:

# BarnePet
## Proposal - EC303 Mobile Application Development for SMEs
#### 1.1. Background
BarnePet comes from the Norwegian word `BarnePike` which means Nanny. 
#### 1.2. Introduction
The application is a platform which connects local pet sitters to pet owners
#### 1.3. Motivation/Need
In the country, there is a huge untapped market of pet owners and hence, this project provides a service which experiments on that market. Also, personal experiences of having a difficult time finding a safe place to keep my pets when I have to travel or leave endorses the fact that this could be a need of pet owners in the region. 
#### 1.4 Market Research
Similar products like this do exist such as PAWSHAKE, ROVER—DOG SITTERS & WALKERS, TRUSTEDHOUSESITTERS and BRINGFIDO but these are restricted to the international market and no such application exists in the country.

### 2. Features
The application will have the following high level features
1. A signUp/login page
2. A home page displaying a list of sitters. (can be filtered by area, price, age, number of pets present etc)
   - An action button to enlist as a sitter
   - A profile button to see statistics (as a sitter)
   - logout button
3. User can choose a sitter, a form will be opened asking about (but not limited to):
   - Number of pets to sit
   - Number of days required
   - Type of pets to sit
   - if pets are children friendly or need extra care/medication
5. A form with certain fields to provide details of the sitter being enlisted including but not limited to 
   - Pet type
   - Number of pets
   - years of experience
   - age
   - gender
   - a short bio
   - contact details
   - charges
6. The owner can rate the experience with the sitter and this will be reflected on the sitter's profile

### 3. Concepts covered
As the features listed above portray: 
- The application will have multiple pages and require navigation.
- The sitters and users profile data/statistics need to be stored on Firebase/Firestore backend
- Multiple Flutter Widgets and Layouts will be used to make the application more user centric and attractive.
